Small updates with extra help - based on reviewing forums (#21057)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/netatmo.markdown

## Troubleshooting

### Receiving events

> To confirm your Home Assistant instance is receiving events via webhooks, you can listen to `netatmo_event` in {% developer_events title="Developer Tools -> Events" %}.

Reviewer: Oops...

```suggestion
To confirm your Home Assistant instance is receiving events via webhooks, you can listen to `netatmo_event` in {% my developer_events title="Developer Tools -> Events" %}.
```

> To confirm your Home Assistant instance is receiving events via webhooks, you can listen to `netatmo_event` in [Developer Tools --> Events](/docs/tools/dev-tools/#subscribe-to-an-event)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To confirm your Home Assistant instance is receiving events via webhooks, you can listen to `netatmo_event` in {% developer_events title="Developer Tools -> Events" %}.
```
